-- Python is a high-level programming language that has become increasingly popular due to its simplicity, versatility, and extensive range of applications. 
   The process of How to install Python in Windows, operating system is relatively easy and involves a few uncomplicated steps.
   
**** How to Install Python in Windows?

	To download Python on your system, you can use the following steps:
	
-- Step 1: Select Version to Install Python
	> Visit the official page for Python https://www.python.org/downloads/ on the Windows operating system. 
	> Locate a reliable version of Python 3, preferably version 3.10.11, which was used in testing this tutorial. 
	> Choose the correct link for your device from the options provided: either Windows installer (64-bit) or Windows installer (32-bit) and proceed to download 
	  the executable file.

-- Step 2: Downloading the Python Installer
	> Once you have downloaded the installer, open the .exe file, such as python-3.10.11-amd64.exe, by double-clicking it to launch the Python installer. 
	> Choose the option to Install the launcher for all users by checking the corresponding checkbox, so that all users of the computer can access the Python launcher application.
	> Enable users to run Python from the command line by checking the Add python.exe to PATH checkbox.
	> After Clicking the Install Now Button the setup will start installing Python on your Windows system.
	
-- Step 3: Running the Executable Installer
	> After completing the setup. Python will be installed on your Windows system. You will see a successful message.
	
-- Step 4:  Verify the Python Installation in Windows
	> Close the window after successful installation of Python. 
	> You can check if the installation of Python was successful by using either the command line or the Integrated Development Environment (IDLE), which you may have installed. 
	> To access the command line, click on the Start menu and type “cmd” in the search bar. Then click on Command Prompt.

		python --version